The Princess on the Earth
Once upon a time there was a prince who wanted to marry a princess.
But it was supposed to be a real princess.
He traveled all over the world to find one.
But something came up.
There were enough princesses.
Was it a real princess?
He couldn't get behind it.
There was always something wrong.
So he came home and was very sad.
Because he would have loved to have had a real princess.
One evening a terrible storm came.
It was too late.
He knocked on the door.
The old king went out to open it.
There was a princess in the city.
But how did she look in the rain and bad weather?
The water was dripping from her hair.
It fell into the shoes and fell out.
It was too bad.
She said she was a real princess.
We'll find out soon enough.
The old queen thought.
But the bedroom was full.
She took all the beds out of the bed.
She laid them on the floor.
She took a pea.
She took 20 mattresses.
She laid them all on the pea.
Then 20 eggs on the bed.
All on the mattress.
In this bed the princess was supposed to sleep.
The next morning they asked her how she had slept.
I slept very badly, said the princess.
I didn't close my eyes all night.
God knows what I was lying on.
I was all blue and white.
It was too bad.
You could see that she was a real princess.
She laid 20 mattresses and eggs on the bed.
She felt the peas.
She felt so fine.
She could only be a real princess.
She took the prince to the woman.
Now she knew he was a real princess.
But the peas went to the museum.
She can still be seen today.
If she didn't take someone away.
Do you see?
That's a real story.